26. The issue of forests needs to be addressed at a higher level within the framework of sustainable development goals, including through the inclusion of compelling and clear forest targets and working indicators.
The environmental impact assessment identified five options for the construction and operation of a replacement power plant that would restore the power of the Office &apos; s energy distribution network to the disaster.
During its consideration of this agenda item, the Working Group will be briefed by the Secretariat on the work of UNODC in promoting the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol under the Global Firearms Programme.
In recent months, the Syrian Government has allowed terrorists to use their country &apos; s territory as a base with which they have set up explosive devices on roadblocks, launched rocket attacks against Israel and shelled Israel Defense Forces units stationed inside the country.
According to the author, the Immigration Service admits that these events have actually occurred, despite the State party &apos; s view that they are not relevant to the case and are not grounds for asylum.
1. Decides to authorize an increase of 750 MINUSCA personnel, 280 police officers and 20 corrections officers in addition to the personnel authorized in paragraph 20 of resolution 2149 (2014);
Four rounds of direct negotiations between the parties were held between June 2007 and March 2008, but no progress was made, as Morocco insisted that its autonomy proposal be the only basis for negotiations.
UNRWA assisted over 14,000 Palestine refugees through community outreach and prevention activities related to gender-based violence, children &apos; s rights and human rights, domestic violence, homelessness and sexual abuse.
5. The Committee had before it a memorandum by the Conference secretariat dated 16 March 2015 concerning the credentials of representatives of States and the European Union participating in the Conference.
In accordance with article 28 of the Rules, it shall be composed of the President and Vice-President of the Tribunal, the President of the Tribunal being its President.
The secretariat contacted the Convention on Biological Diversity secretariat on data collected in the identification of ecologically or biologically significant marine areas.
8. At its 1st meeting, the Preparatory Committee decided to recommend that the Conference continue negotiations on the draft framework for disaster risk reduction beyond 2015 in the Main Committee.
The true objective of the United States &apos; large-scale hostile policy towards the DPRK is to surround the continent with a tight blockade ring and to condone the American tactics of self-government and arbitrariness.
Reaffirming that the use of chemical weapons constitutes a serious violation of international law, and reiterating that those responsible for any use of chemical weapons should be held responsible for this,
To prevent the memory of the millions of victims killed in the Second World War by Nazi criminals and their accomplices, to strongly condemn the relevant plans and actions;
We will also be able, building on the outcome of the Washington Summit of 19 February, to consider the measures necessary to combat terrorism and violent extremism, while respecting human rights and international humanitarian law.
Between 22 December 2014 and 22 February 2015, armed terrorist groups bombed and shelled Syrian cities, killing 325 Syrian civilians, including 57 children, and injuring 766 civilians, including 141 children.
DHD, on the one hand, is an independent entity, and on the other, is dependent on UNDP programme entities in terms of the dissemination of ideas and the use of country office knowledge.
They called for the development of an open, inclusive, indivisible and transparent security and cooperation system in the region, based on universally recognized principles of international law.
The plan of work for exploration for cobalt-rich ferromanganese crusts at the Ryu Grandi Rise, carried out by the Précompania de pesquiza de recurososh Mineráis CAvent, sponsored by Brazil, was approved by the Council in July 2014.
The Council will oversee the development of a common information management infrastructure, including a single global digital archive of official documentation, research and statistics.
A working group had been set up in the Ministry to collect information on the situation of women in rural areas and a plan of action was under way to promote and strengthen the role and status of women in rural areas.
In addition, extremist Israeli settlers continue to terrorize the Palestinian people, daily committing acts of violence, destruction and intimidation and often causing casualties among civilians, including children.
39. The Committee is concerned that the increasing use of gender-neutral language and policies in the State party can unintentionally exacerbate de facto inequalities between women and men.
Please provide information on the measures taken by the State party to effectively prevent domestic violence and gender-related killings, including the killing of women and so-called honour crimes.
The authorities have the primary responsibility to guarantee women &apos; s rights and to assume full responsibility for providing social and creative opportunities for the largest possible number of women in the world.
Further bombardments were expected to take place on 23 March and 6 April in Delyebé, Raga District, and on 8 and 9 April in Nyinbuli and Açan, West Aweil district, and Mayom Angoka, North Awayl District.
2. Affirms that Eritrea is more concerned about the restoration of security and stability in Yemen in view of the historical good-neighbourly relations between the two countries and peoples;
As leader of the Al-Hussi group, Yemeni authorities repeatedly threatened to organize new disturbances if they failed to comply with its demands and detained President Hadi, Prime Minister and key Cabinet members.
The Special Envoy, on the basis of the evaluation provided to him by both missions, will determine whether conditions exist for the implementation of this initiative to establish a moratorium for an initial period of six weeks.
Stressing that the magnitude of the consequences of the nuclear-weapon explosion and the related threats raise deep moral and ethical issues that go beyond the debate on the legality of nuclear weapons,
I have the honour to refer to Security Council resolution 2206 (2015) adopted on 3 March 2015, by which the Council decided to establish an Expert Group on South Sudan for an initial period of 13 months.
In closed consultations at the conclusion of the meeting, the members of the Council condemned the brutal killing of 21 Egyptian nationals in Libya and expressed condolences to the Government and people of Egypt.
I have the honour to transmit herewith the statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia of 18 March 2015 concerning the thirty-first round of the Geneva International Discussions (see annex).
7. The question of the revision of the methods of work of the Permanent Forum was considered under agenda item 8, RECOMMENDING the work of the Permanent Forum, including questions of the Economic and Social Council and new issues of the Continental.
32. The Committee recommends that the State party take measures to reduce the high rate of abortion in Greenland, including through the introduction of sexual and reproductive health education programmes, especially in schools.
It is fully involved in the European Union &apos; s efforts to support the CTBTO, a concrete manifestation of which was the decision of the Council of the European Union to support the work of the CTBTO Preparatory Commission by the Union.
Investment in water and sanitation is therefore essential to build a more just and equitable society in which women and men, girls and boys can legitimately rely on more comfortable living conditions and well-being.
Following the usual consultations, I should like to inform you that I intend to appoint Mr. Jan Kubiš (Slovakia) as my Special Representative for Iraq and Head of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq.
Family planning programmes need to take steps to ensure the provision of services to all eligible persons, even those who are not easily accessible.
&quot; The Security Council expresses grave concern at reports of violations and abuses of human rights and the massive displacement of civilians, including to neighbouring Nigeria.
1. Ireland submits this summary report pursuant to action 20 of the 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
However, in considering Iraq &apos; s request, Governing Council members acknowledged that there was a very serious security crisis that required considerable costs and expressed their solidarity with Iraq.
The Committee was further informed that, during the liquidation phase of the Mission, the dates for write-off and liquidation activities had been shortened in order to complete the liquidation process by the due date.
Noting the need to finance the costs of investigations or prosecutions carried out by the International Criminal Court, including in relation to situations referred to the Court by the Security Council,
It is estimated that 100,000 homes have been destroyed or severely damaged and that serious material damage has been caused to public infrastructure, including the only Gaza power plant and the critical infrastructure for water and sanitation.
It is the first part of the report of the Secretary-General on developments and issues relating to ocean affairs and the law of the sea, which will be submitted to the Assembly for consideration at its seventieth session.
From commitments to results: reform of public institutions to promote inclusive policy formulation and integration in the implementation and monitoring of sustainable development goals:
In the area of safeguards, the United States conducted national, regional and international training courses on State systems for accounting and control of nuclear materials and an additional protocol and supported such courses.
In this regard, I wish to inform you that, in consultation with the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1572 (2004) concerning Côte d &apos; Ivoire, I have appointed the following experts:
Accordingly, the proposed appropriations under this heading have been determined on the basis of established methodology, but taking into account the results of the strategic capital review.
1. The inalienable right to the peaceful uses of nuclear energy is a fundamental component of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, along with nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
This paper is a summary of a larger study on cross-border issues, including the recognition of the right of indigenous peoples to cross-border trade in goods and services and its implementation through militarized areas.
The Association stresses that an agreement on the prohibition and elimination of nuclear weapons will be an important step towards changing the security discourse itself in favour of a security policy that favours peaceful solutions.
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine concerning the arrest of the Vice-President of the Majlis of the Crimean Tatar people, Ahthem Chiygoza (see annex).
We will continue to work with local communities and to develop policies and programmes to address the above-mentioned challenges in order to ensure that all women have adequate physical and mental health for their full, productive lives.
7. The Mission will continue to support the consolidation of peace and an inclusive and transparent political dialogue with all Congolese stakeholders to continue the process of reconciliation and democratization.
The above data do not include civilians who have been killed, cut off throats or killed by any other cruel, criminal means used by terrorist organizations.
In order to gain access to this right, to exercise or to preserve it, women have to struggle tirelessly against such phenomena as preventing them from controlling fertility, rape as a weapon of war, stigmatization or criminalization of homosexuality.
The Dominican Republic has established a fund for women forest users, which helps them to produce food, harvest grass and collect and sell forest by-products, including fuelwood.
Since the Committee is the only United Nations body dealing exclusively with tax matters, its work and its follow-up in the area of financing for development are closely interrelated and complementary.
In 2014, the Joint Programme launched a global campaign with the Foundation of the RECOMMAC Country on AIDS, involving world show-to-business stars, to increase the number of young people who know their seropositive status.
In December 2014, according to United Nations system organizations, 3.6 million people were brought from the Syrian territory and 500,000 people received medical assistance.
One speaker also noted that during the special session the role of UNODC in international drug control, which was supported by other United Nations specialized agencies, funds and programmes, could be emphasized.
The Ministers for Foreign Affairs of China and Russia reaffirmed the importance they attached to the status of India in international affairs and supported its desire to play a stronger role in the United Nations.
Georgia and the Niger paid their arrears in the first half of 2007, thus fully implementing their plans before the deadlines set out in the fifth annual report.
174. The participants unanimously agreed that trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora constituted a serious obstacle to the realization of universal human rights and the achievement of peace, security and development.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a note verbale concerning the signing ceremony of the Code of Good Conduct for the Media and Journalists during the elections to be held in Burundi in 2015 (see annex).
The main objective of the event is to present and discuss a global study on the Non-Proliferation Treaty and to provide young scientists with an opportunity to express their views on current and future challenges and opportunities related to the Treaty.
During the harsh years of war, the battlefields and the labour front have shown a clear manifestation of the inviolable friendship and the highest patriotism of our peoples, which have won a common victory.
Our proposal to investigate ceasefire violations to establish responsibility for specific incidents remains in force with other confidence- and security-building measures.
In some areas of protection for civilians, including in Bentiu and Malakal, the continued influx of internally displaced persons increases the pressure on facilities and reduces the quality of services.
In the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, the demolition of homes by the Israeli authorities has left a record number of Palestinians (about 1,200) homeless, although settlements and settlement activity have not ceased.
This will enable IAEA to fulfil its intended function of effectively verifying the implementation of a future nuclear weapons convention or fissile material cut-off treaty, covering all nuclear activities and all existing stockpiles of nuclear material.
The Committee concluded that Equatorial Guinea continued to show excessive dependence on the hydrocarbon sector and that high per capita income was not commensurate with the low human capital.
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 35 and 36, and of the Security Council.
The P-4 investigative officer will also assist the investigation teams in establishing operational factual information, particularly in relation to more complex cases, and will report to the Chief Investigator in Nairobi.
Otherwise, rather than targeting the civilian population of the city, whose inhabitants have never wished or wished to have anything to do with terrorist groups, that is not the case.
To this end, Ukraine will re-establish the management of its banking system segment in conflict-affected areas and possibly establish an international mechanism to facilitate such transfers.
In this connection, I have the honour to inform you that, on instructions from my Government, I request that the following items listed in paragraph 3 of the above-mentioned document be retained:
They aim to increase the participation of civil society in the criminal justice reform process, including the oversight and monitoring of the effectiveness of criminal justice systems, their objectivity and their respect for human rights.
One P-336 Turkish missile boat violated the territorial waters of the Republic of Cyprus and illegally used the closed port of Ammochostos, participating in the naval exercises of the occupation forces.
4. Provide continuous monitoring on the Ukrainian-Russian State border and verification by OSCE with the establishment of a security zone in the border areas of Ukraine and the Russian Federation.
Recognizing that the promotion of young people &apos; s skills will enhance their ability to make informed decisions about life and work and enhance their access to changing labour markets,
12. In accordance with the Law on the Prevention of Domestic Violence, a National Strategy for the Prevention of Domestic Violence (2014-2016) has been developed and adopted.
3. The costs reported under each heading should, to the extent possible, be broken down as follows: (a) operating costs; (b) capital costs; (c) staffing and maintenance costs; and (d) overhead costs.
UNSOA continues to support the provision of administrative, financial and technical services to this integrated mission as part of the integrated framework for all headquarters and regional offices.
Another workshop, on the UPEPZ, the national economy and the social aspects of sustainable forest management, was held in Santander, Spain, in April 2014 (in pursuance of paragraph 5 of the current programme of work of the UPLES Europe Federation).
In 2005, the Territory &apos; s Health Services Office was established, an autonomous agency, under the responsibility of all public health services of the Ministry of Health and Social Development.
Reiterating its call on all parties in Yemen to demonstrate their commitment to resolving their differences through dialogue and consultations, to reject acts of violence as a means of achieving political goals and to refrain from provocation,
The recent demarche of the African Union, which called for interaction between its ROSS Special Envoy, Mr. Joaquim Chissano, and the Security Council, was unacceptable to the Kingdom of Morocco.
Accordingly, I wish to inform you that, following consultations with the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 2206 (2015) concerning South Sudan, I have appointed the following experts:
In 2013, young people aged 15-24 accounted for 31 per cent of new HIV infections worldwide, and 57 per cent of new infections among this age group were among adolescent girls and young women [1].
In general, the Youth and Trade Programme addresses how to adapt the existing Centre &apos; s tools to meet the needs of young people and what new tools are needed to increase global youth employment.
43. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the Council every three months a progress report on the implementation of the mandate of MONUSCO, including its Intervention Brigade, as set out in the present resolution, including the following:
Without continued contributions, the trust fund will not be able to assist eligible members for 21 weeks per year during which meetings of the Commission and its subcommissions are held.
6.4 The UN-SPIDER programme was established to provide universal access to all types of space-based information and services related to disaster prevention and response in order to facilitate the implementation of the full disaster prevention and response cycle.
12. Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General and other executive heads of participating organizations to provide the Unit with full assistance in the timely receipt of all information requested by it;
This statement is irresponsible because it directly challenges the basic principles of armed conflict law and international humanitarian law and undermines international peace and security.
14. The Geneva Conference on Disarmament is the only appropriate forum for negotiations on a treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices.